---
author_title: developer
layout: blog_detail
author_image: /assets/img/blog/profile_1.png
blog_highlight: wq ewqe wq ew
blog_title: 'wwqew '
blog_category: Animation
blog_image: /assets/img/1_1.png
author_name: chandru
blog_description: wq ewqewqe
date:  December 2016
---
This is what most people miss out. Architecture is the tech spec, UI is how it looks and UX is the feeling you get. Appiness, with our innovation and creative conceit, ensures that technically and visually the project is perfect while providing a pleasurable user experience.

This is what most people miss out. Architecture is the tech spec, UI is how it looks and UX is the feeling you get. Appiness, with our innovation and creative conceit, ensures that technically and visually the project is perfect while providing a pleasurable user experience.This is what most people miss out. Architecture is the tech spec, UI is how it looks and UX is the feeling you get. Appiness, with our innovation and creative conceit, ensures that technically and visually the project is perfect while providing a pleasurable user experience.This is what most people miss out. Architecture is the tech spec, UI is how it looks and UX is the feeling you get. Appiness, with our innovation and creative conceit, ensures that technically and visually the project is perfect while providing a pleasurable user experience.This is what most people miss out. Architecture is the tech spec, UI is how it looks and UX is the feeling you get. Appiness, with our innovation and creative conceit, ensures that technically and visually the project is perfect while providing a pleasurable user experience.
