---
author_title: BRANDING ARTIST
author_image: /assets/img/blog/profile_1.png
layout: blog_detail
author_img: /assets/img/blog/profile.png
blog_highlight: >-
  How it looks is important, how it works is important as well, but both pales
  in comparison to the feeling a user gets when they use it.
title: 'Test chandru '
blog_category: ILLUSTRATION & ART
blog_title: BRANDING PRINCIPLES
blog_image: /assets/img/blog/1_1.png
author_name: ADAM GILCHRIST
blog_description: >-
  User interface in the eyes of the beholder, Technical specifications is what
  it is made of. User experience is in their mind.
publish_date: December 2016
---

This is what most people miss out. Architecture is the tech spec, UI is how it looks and UX is the feeling you get. Appiness, with our innovation and creative conceit, ensures that technically and visually the project is perfect while providing a pleasurable user experience.

This is what most people miss out. Architecture is the tech spec, UI is how it looks and UX is the feeling you get. Appiness, with our innovation and creative conceit, ensures that technically and visually the project is perfect while providing a pleasurable user experience.This is what most people miss out. Architecture is the tech spec, UI is how it looks and UX is the feeling you get. Appiness, with our innovation and creative conceit, ensures that technically and visually the project is perfect while providing a pleasurable user experience.This is what most people miss out. Architecture is the tech spec, UI is how it looks and UX is the feeling you get. Appiness, with our innovation and creative conceit, ensures that technically and visually the project is perfect while providing a pleasurable user experience.This is what most people miss out. Architecture is the tech spec, UI is how it looks and UX is the feeling you get. Appiness, with our innovation and creative conceit, ensures that technically and visually the project is perfect while providing a pleasurable user experience.
